# hello-world
Just a greeting you know.
---
## May be I need to say something about myself.
I’m born as a coward man, with many accidentally physical hurts mostly by my own carelessness in my childhood, which may behave as some possible reason of my character or not in my past. I used to be afraid of darkness, taking up physical challenges like climbing mountains without flat steps, and even sometimes speaking in front of the crowded. I’m always reflecting on such psychological events, which may be quite inevitable, turning out that it is concerned with complexes which are anchored in my unconsciousness, resulting from something oppressed, meaningless delusion which is alway different from the reality, and abundant imaginations and dreams, some of which make quite a difference to me. 

From time to time, recently, I feel anxious about the future like many other college students or people in this era. But I also feel sometimes isolated, narrow-minded nihilistic and awkward, which run counter to my intuition, making me a little uncomfortable. I rather cannot accept some part of myself.

However, in the terminology of astrology, my sun sign is Aquarius, which represents my innovative and distinctive ego on the bright side, but somewhat dark and damp just as Hermann Hesse wrote in his novel ‘Der Steppenwolf’. My moon sign is Leo, which represents my optimistic attitude in my unconsciousness which may always emerge consciously or unconsciously in my emotion, but also troublous affection and chaotic energy if I cannot cope with my own feeling suitably. The other ten signs are also function in some way and I will not go into details here. While all these constellations are just some very very narrow aspects of my self-idiosyncrasy, which acts just like a piece of simple draft of a native myself far from integration, actually not myself.0r we can understand it in other words like ‘archetype’, which just like a mould to carry the capacity of my multidimensional self. And of course we had better not simply define which quality is good and which character is bad. There is only one thing I can confirm that they can all more or less help us grow up and find the key to the topic of our own life and we can never overlook them. If we hold a subtle attitude towards them, which is obviously difficult for ourselves, then we will find that just as the old saying goes ‘There is no misfortune or blessing in Tiandao’, which may act as a super conscious to guide us not to be entangled with our narrow space. Going through all the happiness and suffering, we are trying to get such a state called ‘individuation’, which engrave our unique traces out of the tremendous unconsciousness. So growing up both physically and mentally and individuation is quite a long way for us to travel across.

Can you see the meaning inside yourself? Can you see the meaning in your darkness? Can you see the meaning in your brightness? No, even if you think there’s no use, don’t give it up. Everything is nothing. Nothing is all. Just pursue the meaning and symbol in the meaninglessness and we will be the champions, my friends.
